com/example/treest/Wall/ChooseWall.java
 com.example.treest.Wall.ChooseWall
com/example/treest/databinding/PostofficialBinding.java
 com.example.treest.databinding.PostofficialBinding
com/example/treest/Profile/Profile.java
 com.example.treest.Profile.Profile
 com.example.treest.Profile.Profile$1
com/example/treest/databinding/OldFragmentSetprofileBinding.java
 com.example.treest.databinding.OldFragmentSetprofileBinding
com/example/treest/TransitionType.java
 com.example.treest.TransitionType
 com.example.treest.TransitionType$1
com/example/treest/model/User.java
 com.example.treest.model.User
com/example/treest/databinding/FragmentBottomMenuBinding.java
 com.example.treest.databinding.FragmentBottomMenuBinding
com/example/treest/databinding/PostElementBinding.java
 com.example.treest.databinding.PostElementBinding
com/example/treest/model/Model.java
 com.example.treest.model.Model
com/example/treest/model/DB/AppDatabase.java
 com.example.treest.model.DB.AppDatabase
com/example/treest/ImageUtility.java
 com.example.treest.ImageUtility
com/example/treest/ComunicationController.java
 com.example.treest.ComunicationController
com/example/treest/model/DB/User.java
 com.example.treest.model.DB.User
com/example/treest/databinding/StationElementBinding.java
 com.example.treest.databinding.StationElementBinding
com/example/treest/OnSwipeTouchListener.java
 com.example.treest.OnSwipeTouchListener
 com.example.treest.OnSwipeTouchListener$1
 com.example.treest.OnSwipeTouchListener$GestureListener
com/example/treest/FragmentDettagliTratta.java
 com.example.treest.FragmentDettagliTratta
com/example/treest/databinding/LineElementBinding.java
 com.example.treest.databinding.LineElementBinding
com/example/treest/Profile/old_FragmentSet.java
 com.example.treest.Profile.old_FragmentSet
com/example/treest/MapFragment.java
 com.example.treest.MapFragment
 com.example.treest.MapFragment$1
com/example/treest/Wall/FragmentNewPost.java
 com.example.treest.Wall.FragmentNewPost
com/example/treest/ListOfficialPosts/ViewHolder.java
 com.example.treest.ListOfficialPosts.ViewHolder
com/example/treest/BottomMenu.java
 com.example.treest.BottomMenu
com/example/treest/databinding/FragmentChooseWallBinding.java
 com.example.treest.databinding.FragmentChooseWallBinding
com/example/treest/databinding/ActivityChooseWallBinding.java
 com.example.treest.databinding.ActivityChooseWallBinding
com/example/treest/model/Post.java
 com.example.treest.model.Post
com/example/treest/databinding/FragmentDettagliTrattaBinding.java
 com.example.treest.databinding.FragmentDettagliTrattaBinding
com/example/treest/databinding/ActivityProfileBinding.java
 com.example.treest.databinding.ActivityProfileBinding
com/example/treest/model/Station.java
 com.example.treest.model.Station
com/example/treest/ListLines/ViewHolder.java
 com.example.treest.ListLines.ViewHolder
com/example/treest/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.treest.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/treest/model/Line.java
 com.example.treest.model.Line
 com.example.treest.model.Line$Terminus
com/example/treest/listStations/ViewHolder.java
 com.example.treest.listStations.ViewHolder
com/example/treest/databinding/FragmentOfficialpostBinding.java
 com.example.treest.databinding.FragmentOfficialpostBinding
com/example/treest/ListPosts/ViewHolder.java
 com.example.treest.ListPosts.ViewHolder
com/example/treest/databinding/FragmentNewPostBinding.java
 com.example.treest.databinding.FragmentNewPostBinding
com/example/treest/databinding/FragmentViewWallBinding.java
 com.example.treest.databinding.FragmentViewWallBinding
com/example/treest/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.treest.BuildConfig
com/example/treest/model/OfficialPost.java
 com.example.treest.model.OfficialPost
com/example/treest/LocationUtility.java
 com.example.treest.LocationUtility
 com.example.treest.LocationUtility$1
com/example/treest/Wall/FragmentViewWall.java
 com.example.treest.Wall.FragmentViewWall
com/example/treest/databinding/FragmentMapBinding.java
 com.example.treest.databinding.FragmentMapBinding
com/example/treest/listStations/Adapter.java
 com.example.treest.listStations.Adapter
com/example/treest/ListPosts/Adapter.java
 com.example.treest.ListPosts.Adapter
com/example/treest/model/DB/UserDAO.java
 com.example.treest.model.DB.UserDAO
com/example/treest/databinding/ActivityErrorHandlerBinding.java
 com.example.treest.databinding.ActivityErrorHandlerBinding
com/example/treest/ErrorHandler.java
 com.example.treest.ErrorHandler
com/example/treest/Wall/FragmentChooseWall.java
 com.example.treest.Wall.FragmentChooseWall
com/example/treest/ListLines/Adapter.java
 com.example.treest.ListLines.Adapter
com/example/treest/databinding/NavBinding.java
 com.example.treest.databinding.NavBinding
com/example/treest/databinding/FragmentViewprofileBinding.java
 com.example.treest.databinding.FragmentViewprofileBinding
com/example/treest/LocationHandler.java
 com.example.treest.LocationHandler
com/example/treest/ListOfficialPosts/Adapter.java
 com.example.treest.ListOfficialPosts.Adapter
com/example/treest/Profile/FragmentView.java
 com.example.treest.Profile.FragmentView
com/example/treest/Wall/FragmentOfficialPost.java
 com.example.treest.Wall.FragmentOfficialPost
com/example/treest/MainActivity.java
 com.example.treest.MainActivity
